Finding out things about TCP is really interesting. I was just reading Ilyas' book and got a glimpse into what TCP is all about. The real problem with TCP is not when a request is long lived, but when there are bursts of small requests that solicitate small resources. In these cases, each new request must complete the entire TCP process which increases dramatically the amount of time required to compled the request. 

But what is the TCP process? We already know about the three way handshake that must be stablished on each new request. But TCP, over the years, implemented a series of mechanisms to achieve the status of a reliable protocol. 

**rwnd**
Flow control is one of them. When a client and a server establish a connection, they show to each other something called the "receiving window" (rwnd). The receiving window is the max size of the socket's buffer. Client and server are telling to each other: hey, this is the amount of data you need to send me so I can process your data. This prevents the sender from overwhelming the receiving socket with more data than it can process. To clarify with an example: socket A stablishes connection with socket B. Tree-way handshake is made. In the first ACK the server sends the client is included a flag: `rwnd=x`, where `x` is the size of the buffer, the receiving window. Nowadays, the `rwnd` is of 1 gigabyte. 

**cwnd**
TCP has a mechanism called "slow start". What is does it create a private flag (say, in the server's TCP) `cwnd`. This flag is used to control the amount of data sent from the server to the client. When the sockets start to exchange application data (after the three-way handshake), `cwnd` is set to a conservative number, and grows at each new `ACK` from the client. In our day and age, with the publication of [RFC 6928] in 2013, the size is of 10 segments. This mean that, in a common setup, where the size of the segment is 1460 bytes (1500 MTU), the first `cwnd` will be ~14.6kb. Compare this to the size of a regular receiving window. At each new ACK from the client, the server can increase `cwnd` by 10 (in our example). 
